well it happens to me kids today I have
an answer a response to an
answer and the truth is that I come quite
heated because I freak out with people I
mean what happens to you are the most
hypocrites in the world and before
answering you better see your little mouth or
to put that amendment answer
shut up better to put that [ __ ] [ __ ]
answer better take it or shut up
because there's worse it turns out that nothing
today I was a little disconnected in the
afternoon because I have a bit of a cold
as you can notice in my voice that you'll
forgive me if I'm a bit yes you can tell it
's a bit down it's not that I'm
sad or anything but I have a
cold I have a really bad flu
that comes out that I'm right now
there on the couch and I'm seeing the
comments on the video this last one of its
day was the one with the hair and the
comments until yesterday were I'm going to
urge everyone to loved the
[ __ ] video and such I think the video is not
disrespectful there the hair I think I'm
not disrespectful I would have to
see it again  time but lately with
all the criticism I stay
careful be good short and I am sacks of
course I give him in the mouth what he
deserves but if enjoy if it is angle
I enjoy kindergarten well then I shut up
remember that I did not say anything to this girl
simply listen that it seemed
stable to me everything that she was criticizing in
this video that she recorded herself driving
recklessly because for me that is
reckless driving when you go at a
speed that is not the street speed you are
jumping over speed bumps
you are skipping the way and you are not respecting the zebra crossings for me it is reckless driving and on top of that recording yourself well it seems super idiotic to me the video that I criticized was totally regrettable the video and that it was disgusting I mean it was a video in which she was supposed to criticize
in a humorous way not wanting to
have children but for me it was a lack
of respect for anyone who has
children and for children themselves I don't know it
seems to me an unfunny video and well that
for some reason she deleted it at the time and it was not
because she realized the [ __ ] up  she
deleted because she got criticized by
tt gray and instead of apologizing that's
what she always does is delete the video
and act like nothing happened and
today I'm here seeing the comments
as if to say and I realize that I'm
starting to get bad comments but
well bad inside with an
allied argument you know how the hair arguments are
because I already know I know with
dark hair absurd comments like
for example in the clown
efe corral is that this guy throws me is
about to the dick isaac if you have a
problem and you have something to say to me
whenever you want we do a live because
if you run sublime that I would already be [ __ ] that
running sublime would leave me on the [ __ ]
floors and with it is sublime I will leave you one
day on the [ __ ] floors that I have the
video one day ration we will do I have
for you but the good one if you
have a problem with something of my
content or with something about me and you
want to come criticize me shame on me a
live and we talk about it this guy is a guy
in which in a video I mentioned him super
in passing but super in passing  and I told him
those corrals are invited to the
blond tournament I don't know who the [ __ ] plugged him
because this guy is more forgotten than the
corpse bride' he says something like that the guy is
still touched since then it affected him
a lot that I told him that he is a failure and
those corrals we fix it in private and
even so he has tried to get involved every time he
had a controversy with someone in your
group or someone that you like
after having fixed it privately and
having remained at peace
the guy every time the other day for
example when I argued with cheto the guy
butting in yes because you are [ __ ] the
secrets if you have a problem if you have been really
serious I
swear that it will not fall on
you and I swear that I have to
answer me gay and we fix it and I get
real you are a failure and if it hurts you they
screw you the best bytes of isaac
corrales let's see who were the
best
remember that these are the best
but which ones are you to tell me that
everyone that we split our sides laughing
because if it offends us
shortening addresses has died ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha  ha ha ha ha ha ha ha [
Music] ha ha ha ha ha ha
ha if these are the
best I better not see the worst well
anyway maybe cordales is
looking is looking for the tweets we have
posted throughout your career of your
sad career on twitter and has deleted
all the mentions that she has made to me
yes we already left it for four days and go
look in the folder where I have
everything saved okay today she leaves me
alone but the favor stops appearing
every time I triple I'm with someone
of your ideology because when it comes to
criticizing someone of yours you don't get
involved there okay come on to your house the thing is
that ice has answered me she has
answered me via twitter in a thread and what do you
think she has done I have accepted
a survey here bet whatever you want she
has apologized she has acknowledged her mistake she
has deleted it well what I did receive a
report from the US she plans the
video yes I take the least from something
from me what do you think she has done and
the number basically what she has done has
been complaining because I have an opinion on something
that she is of  his life and he doesn't have to
give explanations and justify himself in
a pitiful way I'm going to read
the whole thread now but I'll summarize it for you
basically apart from complaining that I have an
opinion that I already explained one thing to you and he tells me
if I'm the one who takes
well me neither because I've
also put it here but if it's my
wife who takes the dog and gives it to
a neighbor she sticks it with a neighbor and
moves to the city and leaves the dog there
nobody can give an opinion because because she hasn't put it in
but you of the mushy ones were
making a blog when you adopt you go to the dog
you're from the dog then with your other
girlfriend of another dog giving explanations
when we are left there's your sister the
other dog that disappeared therefore
all of us who are here can get
involved and we can give our opinion on
the shitty attitude that you have had and the shitty
responsibility that you have had and
basically now what he does in these
pieces of brick is that my mind is
hallucinated because on top of that there are people
applauding here in the response to the
tweet basically what he does in all
this text is tell us what he has done
with each one  of the dogs m that he
gave it to his sister that he can't get close,
don't give it to his sister and the other dog
that is with an old family of the ex-
girlfriend I don't know what story and that the cats are
not your answer and the bad ones
are justifying themselves by telling me that you have not
taken care of those animals you are
taking me for an idiot right and the
hairs as you say at the end of the text
sometimes they act like idiots you are
taking me for an idiot justify
not taking care of the animals and
there he is applauding there in the tweet
seriously I really want to
make this clarification sincerely they have
dedicated videos of criticism to him in
all these years some with a lot of bad
intentions and others with a constructive spirit that
even had some reason and have
helped me learn and improve
look for things but there is something that pisses me off
to a very high level taking the wrong
road when I'm driving that's why they
increase the speed and you pass the
roundabouts that they lie about me and
spread false information that I would
like to know what I have lied about I would
like to know what I have invented in
spreading false information  there are
many specialized ones and one of them
is a kid who makes
videos about other people don't get me wrong
and he I never made
anything up or spread false information that burns you you
throw yourself in water if I were a
supermarket cashier or I were
dedicated to working in a factory but
if you are on youtube
selling your life I have an opinion and one of
them is a kid who makes
videos about other people
totally legitimate content even I
like to consume the channels as codes
or tags I like them a lot and I am subscribed
and it's something I do on my channel in my
true news section
something that he does on your channel that is what
your channel is surviving on right now
I don't but it's something that you until your
time have said that you didn't like you have
a ton of questions and answers
saying that you hate people who
criticize the pse or who comment on
controversy but now you recognize that you
are adapting to that content because
your channel has to survive but at the
end of the day how to give news this
guy uploaded a video to his channel in
which he commented on a video that I myself put
private  exactly four years ago
in it I spoke in an exaggerated way about how
horrified I was with the idea of having children and I
commented with that exaggerated tone about the
inconveniences that I have made a career out
of today that idea has changed no you I didn't
do it with a humorous tone or an
exaggerated tone and much less harsh I did it,
disrespectfully and also in a very
hypocritical and very 22 way you know what
is the least funny thing in this
life and the hair a person who
really wants to be funny that is the
least funny thing in life a
person who really wants to be
funny is the least funny thing and you
were there saying things that make no [ __ ]
sense like buzz how disgusting cleaning up poop
when you're adopting dogs and cats
our ideas and behaviors can
change
I hope javi that you do too but
I have to change it because I have never
said anything like you and I have never
recorded myself driving exceeding the
speed limit and not respecting a yield sign
and a roundabout and cheer up come win
pincho to tell me to delete videos
talking about news and I won't vote for you if
you get involved  in a plan and you delete the
video talking about a sandwich this is a
very careful hypocrite and the humerus
this is what bothers me the least about your
video in fact if you had only commented on
this fact it would not have mattered in the
least even though I know
that the way of transmitting the message
was not correct and for that reason I
put it private what bothers me is that
a woman says she does not want to have a child
no no no no not at all I find it very
respectable both that a woman and
a man do not want to have a child very
respectable not long ago he had a
vasectomy and all of you okay don't
get specific but your whole side
has thrown it down his neck for having a
vasectomy for not asking
the woman's opinion to blah blah the
[ __ ] hypocrisy your worth I see that each one
each couple each man each woman does
with their life what they want and it is
respectable if they want to have children or do not have
children what you can't take
and say
is disgusting that it destroys your life and
things like what you said in that [ __ ]
video that had no humor that was  harmful
your video was harmful and the veil not mine yours
and the worst thing is that you don't apologize
let the feelings apologize here you do
n't apologize you are justifying yourself in
its day to delete the video because the
grey test made a criticism of you and now
wants to do the same
justify yourself as the one who
nothing has happened apologize I screwed up this for
some it is something scandalous but we are not
going to go into that subject since as I have
already commented that is not the issue of
lom I did not try to take it for
feminism nobody criticized you for being a woman
you were criticized for being [ __ ] there is a
subject that you touched on javi and that of my
animals I have always thought that I do not have to
give explanations of something that I think is
conscious only to the
people involved but since your teeth
teeth I would like to know what my
lie is because what I say in the
video is what she publishes in the
blocks she leaves it with her sister and her
nephew and the other dog is not known where it is
now she here clarifies where you are
and better not see the wise people
your lies are commenting there
prefer to clarify this subject is to do it
once and for all well let's see how
you settle it let's see how the angel
theme okay I'm going to talk about each of the
things that have happened in my life
that each one of them went through and what
circumstances are there now
a few years ago back in 2014 and well Barcelona I
lived with the person who was then my partner
I was dying to adopt a puppy I had
always wanted one in my family
we had a dog named Wendy walks
like Tepito the country had always had
a fondness for these animals I went to a
shelter and from a litter of
puppies I adopted a beautiful female
that I called MMD mixed breed that's where
the name comes from it happened to the first few months
with me in the house that I shared with the person who
was then my partner until due to
life things due to life things I
decided to go to Madrid because I needed
a change of life she needs a
change of life and she needs to leave and she goes to
Madrid if you go to Madrid and she has a
responsibility like it can be a child or
a dog that are responsibilities almost
at the same level if you have a
responsibility that is a dog  you
take the dog by the hair to madrid to la
china to aconcagua wherever you go it's not
a I already
told you in the video you take the dog with you
day unfortunately I couldn't
take it to efe from the beginning since I
had to look for a room and so on, I mean I had they're
saying that you
arrived in madrid with a backpack that I didn't
have a room or a flat to rent until you
got there you started
looking for them you're telling me that
while I slept on the floor they didn't sleep
there you're going to adore with triumph not by
the arc of triumph you spent the whole time the
puppy I gave it to my sister at that
time my nephew was in love with me they
got along really well and he talked to her a
lot to talk the truth is you talk about it in
total the sister kept the
dog and this is the justification that she
gives me this is the answer that
this aunt comes to give me that seems fine to me that
you will know if we do it good hands well
okay but that you have not taken
charge and he what is the
lie that I contact and videos
please and made this live video so
that someone if they find where  he's
lying tell me here to my face
where I lied and the um the hate is my
video I say that you that dog is
entrusted to your sister after making
a few months of videos with the puppy and in
one of the last ones saying that she's going to
be like the dog was a lot of
work that you had to clean a lot of
houses
take out what didn't let you sleep and that she's a
piece that blah blah blah blah blah
blah what the [ __ ] is this about
you going to live in Madrid and you
can't take the dog because you can't
take a [ __ ] Madrid invader
dogs are prohibited kids or are you going to
tell me that you're fine only by
keeping an apartment for a bed is that no
if you have a responsibility it's a
burden for life and much less
go around being a moralist making videos of how
well they look kids think very carefully
before adopting a puppy please
adopt don't buy think very carefully
okay think very carefully a dog is
for many years and you don't do it you've made
a mistake look at what adopter the
dog on a whim and then it
counts so much that he doesn't give you the opportunity to
leave it in good hands  It seems good
but don't make moralist videos
giving lessons in responsibility to your
followers when you are not responsible
as a girl but I would like to know
if this [ __ ] [ __ ] of answers is there but I
hope there are more let's talk about Joey not
long ago I lived with the one who at that
time was my partner, a
company mariaca so I could not
after me I didn't feel like having another
dog I felt responsible for one
as for I did
n't want another well in the
previous paragraph she has been saying that she continues
telling the vets and stuff
unless she gives money to her
sister but I have to believe if
she says it well I believe it but you know and
man what money for
youtubers more or less I think your
case will be too there is no
problem there is no problem in
keeping a puppy that we have to
keep a puppy and a2 and a3 and a4 and
a5 the problem is the responsibility to take
care of it taking it for walks not being able to
travel because you have a dog and that is not
either because if the animal suffered a trip
and I leave the dog in the daycare
I have a daycare that is like a
five star hotel for dogs
with heating  with air conditioning
pool and the dog I know there are [ __ ]
great every bridge and he doesn't even miss me I was in
the mood for a kitten but in the end well
life due to unexpected things in
life and through family contacts
a tiny Yorkshire cross puppy came to us that we
called Joey he didn't come
to you you wanted him to come to
me someone knocks on the door and
I open the door and I
find a dog in a basket
you wanted to adopt the dog because he was
there with his [ __ ] down that you were a couple girlfriend
we are going to adopt a puppy we are going to
start a new family I don't know what is
happening the couple didn't last
forever and now what do we do with the dog
Joey he was a nerve he was very funny we
loved him very much because of things in life
always because of things in life I decided to
end that relationship and that is why we have to
see who gets the dog
as he was more of my partners she took
charge she took charge of taking care of him she made
sure that he stays with her
family
Joey is with a lady friend of her
family and the one that Joey  it was a
huge joy in his life but
company but the days with all his
ovary he wrote this text to
say that I am a liar with all his
ovary because with all due respect in the
world in my video I said that I think it's
regrettable that he goes around giving moral lessons
to kids and we have to adopt not
buy think about it very well that a dog is
a responsibility and what you do
once if not twice is the same but it's that
this text where you are
putting me but more than anything because my
dog that I do have to screw myself and I
can't play somewhere I
can't go to an event I can't I don't know
what I screw myself because I have the dog it's
like the children that you are telling me
hielo perez the days have no idea
what a responsibility is and on
top of that they have the feat of publishing this
roof here as if a
learned anonas one lives and makes
good decisions and others not so much although
some decisions were not so good
always trying that if there were
more people or animals involved they will
end up doing the best to give possible
now let's go to the cats to well to the
cats but here you that  that the
cat I didn't get into that I've seen out there that there
are people who believe that abandoning a
cat I don't know what movement that is already the
most heavy invention but let's talk about
it I went to the biggest basket of 2018 on
vacation and I met my menstrual partner and
she had already told me about a cat that
visits her time when that cat is
destroyed it had a horrible appearance and it
made us so sad when I left
Mallorca I was very touched by the
situation of this cat and between my partner
and I we saw heaven and earth so that
although we were no longer in
Mallorca there was that we have there they
took us to the vet to take this kitten
we called pesto of pesto place it turns out
that it had a tumor or all that
obviously it was free I spent a thousand euros
on the expense but the whites this is
a cat and it didn't even go it was already within reach
its behavior was happy and
calm it
turns out that three days after arriving I had to
go I don't know where for work it
hurt me a lot to leave but at that time
there were people living in my house there were
four of us in total so the cat even if
I left would not go  to be alone for a
moment while outside the data got
very bad he was struggling to breathe to cause a
tumor and he barely moved they took him to the
vet and there the information they
gave was devastating this was
happening normally the tumor he had was being
very painful for him and did not
allow him to be a cat mallorca was
suffering a lot of walking the cat had to be
put down he would like
someone to tell me if you know my video at
what point I talk about this cat in my
video this story at 28 here to
pity to give you a medal that you
have spent a thousand euros on a cat that has
run from the street and to make us feel sorry for
everything and for what localities applaud on
twitter at no time have I spoken
about that cat I am very sorry for what is
happening to you for this cat at what point do
I talk about this cat it is my video I talk
about m and I talk about the dog each conclave p
at what point do I say anything about
this cat where is your cat the one
in the video with the one with the least where is the
data there are many topics for which you
can criticize me call me see I would
never mess with your physique  I don't care about
anything that I don't have thanks
telling me that I have no talent that nobody
wants to insult me this is this
victimhood they don't call me a lesbian calling me
fat calling me females and I don't give a damn but don't
mess with
my animals okay but don't make up
make up with such important issues like
animal abandonment you seem like
idiots but can you tell me you piece of
abnormal where I lied can you
tell me where I lied fresh cheese if he
has confirmed the same thing that I say in
the video please someone explain it to me
because I don't understand it this is how
these people are this is how these realities are
gentlemen but the worst of all what I
find most outrageous is that there are people
here applauding that of course you talk
when you have nothing that I find
admirable that in the face of any injustice you
have no problem going out to speak I
find it admirable that you adopt the dogs it is in
charge disturbed and another a lady
that we don't know about hygiene but oh well
thanks for the dog lady nobody who
really follows you appreciates or wants you I know
that she loves you that they are saved girlfriend they see your
entire message knows what I never  I would
stay with you, we are losing a title click
bay like the last time
I was raped when I was 10 years old and you weren't
referring to yourself you were referring to a subscriber there is
a disgusting clip but you
having dogs and things have happened to you
with your dog how hurt you are you support
this lady in this seems pathetic to me
bravo says Oliver looks people
applauding or rather he gets up to
applaud the whole gentleman and nothing
gentlemen I have little to add to
this this is our day to day
this is the hypocrisy the falsehood and the
little dignity that we live with every day
here people are pointed out a lot it
depends on who they are but if they are
untouchable as I have said many times
not many of those who are here
applauding hielo I know they attacked me
one day when I put a title a clip
bay in a video that I put the truth
about the blond tournament over there you can
look for it on my channel
a lot of these people friends of hielo attacked me
but nevertheless when I take it
out a video titled cala it goes  from
twitter and in the video
nobody talked about it and the hypocrisy of
these people is that it was as simple as
taking and saying look if what he said is true in
the video I was wrong I
shouldn't have driven like that and much
less recorded myself for a
video for Disney because hey because the
kids can see it as a joke
so it's true that I have deleted
many videos from my channel because it has
downloaded because they already represent me or
whatever when I deal with the subject of not having
children I treated it in a very
contemptuous way disrespectful and I will not
do it again and yes it is true that I have
made decisions with my pets that I have
not been responsible for and it will never happen to me again I will
never adopt
any pet because I am not capable of
taking care of any kids if you are going to
adopt pets take charge and then
don't get them in heat 20 points if that was how I would have
solved it by the hair but
this ceiling this text calling me a
liar calling me an [ __ ] and
calling me that when it's 10 pm I tell them I'm
false about their incredible I will teach them
thank you very much
[Music]